hi and welcome back to good morning
texas now coming up in the next 30
minutes we're going to have some great
riedel boot can't tips maybe you're
looking for a new fresh face or maybe
you are getting married well Marcus
month and he's from girl on cosmetics
he's going to get you guys camera ready
and show you what's new for fall well
it's one of the most important days in a
woman's life so she wants to look her
very best so now is the time to start
your make up for a fall wedding and this
is Marcus Munson you know who he is he's
the National makeup artist for girl on
cosmetics he's here with a varietal boot
camp and a lovely lady to be hello how
are you wonderful how are you doing good
to see you okay this set this segment
speaks to so many getting ready for
their fall weddings but also to anybody
who kind of wants to update their look
and maybe they're just not getting it
right so to a lot of brides right now
there's a lot of planning and
preparation that go into it and where's
the one place that all the brides go
they get a makeup artist they get a
hairdresser but they go straight to the
gym and so they have an exercise of
cardio routine yeah so what I want them
to do is get a skin care routine going
and the first thing that they want to do
being a bride there's so much stress
that goes into planning a wedding yeah
dress is the one place that manifests it
right around the eyes so you want to get
a good eye serum day and night if you're
one of our younger brides anyone that's
looking maybe for a little bit more
nourishment then you can go into an
orchid a eye cream to help with the
little fine lines and things like that
skin care is the first step in having
good beauty well definitely carry that
skin you want to mask your skin too
because you're going for Pilates and
yoga so you want to this is the coolest
thing on the market today tell my gmt
viewers about this what's so cool this
is a mass both of these you can put in
the refrigerator this is a hydrating
mesle you put all of your face and
everybody wants to be this glowing bride
what this does it's got Desert Rose
extract and it puts so much more
nourishment back into the skin when you
leave it on for about 20 minutes it's
like a mask and you either you put it on
you look like Jason and it's like it's
so incredible it's cold you leave on you
take it off and you're all aglow lifted
and then because with that you want to
go and find that perfect foundation
we've all seen horror stories of makeup
artists that have done a bride's makeup
and they're just so disappointed and the
bride really needs to be more educated
when it comes to makeup and one of the
big areas they want to find a foundation
that really stays on that last and a lot
of times that's usually an either/or
with the foundation that we did on Emily
it's called lingerie depot and it's a
long wearing foundation that lets the
skin breathe and that's really a makeup
artist choice for foundation yeah I want
to get a good powder this powder right
here because with all the photographs
you want to take away that shine you
still want to have a glow but in
photographs you want to take your powder
and hit right along the t-zone right
here so in the photographs you have a
beautiful look to yourself okay this is
like the best combination on the planet
because we want coverage and we weren't
to be long-lasting but we want to look
like we don't have all that coverage on
so you get coverage without the coverage
this is really a genius thing definitely
and then we'll think of it and now a
belated happy birthday to you because
and think about this as far as lips for
a bride making of old yeah Frank kitchen
brides need to have a good lip on but it
can't be too bold because that takes to
look off center so you want to get a
shade that's maybe one to two shades
richer than your lip and if you want to
show this we did something for you we
had it engraved it's a great bridesmaid
gift it actually you can engrave the
Rouge G and it's just a beautiful shade
number three and that's what's on Emily
yes and its color ok this is the color
she is on and then think about the last
thing that you want to do is you want to
have a signature fragrance for your
wedding you want to leave a trace of
yourself in the memory of others and you
know that's saying something old
something new something borrowed what I
did is I brought a new fragrance called
Shalimar initial it's got rose it's got
verga Mott it's got iris it's got a
pretty container well and it's really
you kind of have a great scent and it's
just a whisper of a fragrance a whisper
and then this right here for anybody who
wants that pure romance in a wedding
this is called floral romantic and even
a name says it all you love this
fragrance of about you I mean I don't
want where I just want romance period I
don't need to be getting married I just
wanted to do I just want to be romance
and aren't that you know right oh this
is so good and it's very good for right
now if you want to update your fragrance
it's not heavy it's beautiful so
lightweight but isn't this all just a
great thing for the summertime it's a
great way to cool down but really look
hot hot hot so good Chris you should
smell me right now I smell really good
that's before you look good I'm gonna
say thank you for saying that he's just
saying so whereas be able to come and
see me um Neiman Marcus north park today
today yes you're a baby there tomorrow
from 10 to 6 i'm 26 and they can come
and see this product lovely model
probably won't be there but you look
amazing and you'll be able to tell them
about their bridal
definitely definitely all good stuff we
love our gonna send it over to the
equally good smelling Chris Flanagan
yeah always smelling good thanks i may
not